I am in Swindon. It is not the most picturesque city in Britain, but what it does have
is this: the Magic roundabout.
and yes, Britons, you probably already know this, but the Americans: I guess
that you are going to find this a bit scary.
Five mini roundabouts, around one central roundabout that goes the wrong way.
If you now look at the history of this and how it originated, then you will see
that the CBRD has a good summary of the history of how the Road Research Laboratory
it came to make this, but what I want to talk about is the idea of ​​emergent behavior.
Because most of these drivers do not have special rules to drive here. They do not work
plan in advance. They follow simple rules:
Prevent collisions.
Follow the lines.
Give priority to people who are already driving at the roundabout.
And point in the direction of your destination.
As with birds, a few very simple rules can create a very complicated swarm behavior, even
if each of these individuals does not know what happens.
If you want to know more about it, look at "Boids", made by Craig Reynolds,
in 1986. Intricate swarm behavior, generated in a computer, with very simple
rules.
Follow these rules here and you will arrive safely at your destination. It is not necessary to
plan in advance, you do not have advanced driving skills or hundreds of times
to have done: you just have to follow simple rules, like birds do that massively.
Emergent behavior means that this strange roundabout is almost never a traffic jam, even during
peak hours. It is a triumph of road design, but there will probably never be anything
to be built similarly. The magical roundabout, here in picturesque Swindon.
Translated by: Erik Willems